http://research.nesc.ac.uk/node/917

We have 20 minutes on the 19th

Title: Case Studies in Running Many Simulations on Many Clusters,
Clouds and Supercomputers Speaker: Shantenu Jha, Rutgers University

There are several important science and engineering problems that
require the coordinated execution of multiple simulations at scale.
Some common scenarios include but are not limited to, "an ensemble of
tasks", "loosely-­‐coupled simulations of tightly-­‐coupled
simulations" or "multi-­‐component multi-­‐physics simulations".  We
will discuss representative scalable examples from each of the
categories

We have 30 minutes to talk on the 20th:

Title: A Brief Introduction to SAGA and Bigjob, Speaker: Shantenu Jha,
Rutgers University The tools and capabilities to support coordinated
multiple simulations are limited.  However, a promising way to
overcome this common limitation is the use of a Pilot-­‐Job, which can
be defined as a container or placeholder job to provide multi-­‐level
scheduling via an application-­‐level scheduling overlay over the
system scheduler.  We discuss both the theory and practice of
Pilot-­‐Jobs.  Specifically, we present "BigJob" as a SAGA-­‐based
extensible, interoperable and scalable Pilot-­‐Job implementation.  We
then discuss several science problems that have/are using BigJob to
execute multiple simulations at unprecedented scales on a range of
supercomputers and distributed supercomputing infrastructure such as
XSEDE.


We have 45 minutes to show-tell-handson on the 20th:

The RADICAL team at Rutgers provide scalable implementation of SAGA
and BigJob in Python.  In this exercise-­‐based tutorial, we will
provide a hands on introduction to SAGA-­‐python and a SAGA-­‐based
Bigjob.  At the end of this tutorial, students will be able to use
SAGA to submit remote jobs to a variety of heterogeneous resources,
and will be able to use the SAGA-­‐based Pilot-­‐Job (BigJob) to
execute a "bag-­‐ of tasks" and "loosely-­‐coupled tasks" , amongst
other simple execution scenarios.


